Rename register functions (#687)
tenstorrent/tt-exalens: docs/ttexalens-lib-docs.md

## write_register

```
write_register(location, register, value, noc_id=0, neo_id=None, device_id=0, context=None) -> None
```

### Description

> Writes value to a register on the core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Writes value to a register on the noc location.
```
